Remove Luigi mention from the Busola section and AC CR from components (#18461)
kyma-project/kyma: docs/01-overview/ui/README.md

## Integration

> Busola is a web-based UI for managing resources within Kyma or any Kubernetes cluster. Busola has a dedicated Node.js back end, which is a proxy for a [Kubernetes API server](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/components/#kube-apiserver).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Busola is a web-based UI for managing resources within Kyma or any Kubernetes cluster. Busola has a dedicated Node.js backend, which is a proxy for a [Kubernetes API server](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/components/#kube-apiserver).
```
